Jory Caron presents game time today I'm
going to be doing game time what game oh
I'm gonna make you guys wait build up
the suspense first I'm going to do some
shoutouts first one from tech lover 86
Kai biscay Carlo Brown oh hey third Lyla
loo-loo low I have no idea of what I
should say so I'll say something random
how biscay Jordan car whale says reply
like what dude could have gone with one
of the things that the other people said
Nighthawk 0-16 says a big ha freakin
biscay to you sir and the last person i
don't even know how to I don't what is
it e using hmm don't don't know no over
to the Facebook James Grace's hot biscay
wiki by lon says trouble I don't know
James 40 or junior so bored rain sucks
what do you shut up windows trying to
tell me what to do what game am I
playing today oh you know it's none
other than my favorite game ever it is
free cell I know what you're thinking
Jory isn't that game too intense for
YouTube youtube's policy guidelines it
is in fact too intense because sometimes
a queen goes on top of a king like that
some sweet sweet card matrimony right
there mmm so if you've never played
freecell before the objective is to get
all of these cards and put them up in
these things over here to free these
cells I like to think of it as they are
in a kingdom and they have to get into
the caves because a big dragon is coming
if you're left out here you will be
burned alive so you don't win unless
everyone gets in there but it has to go
in ascending order so like aces first
and twos and threes now the women the
children and eventually you get to the
royal family I think that's how it goes
although there's four royal families may
be there different races for different
races yeah that sounds
cool i like that i like the sound of
that so let's get started here start
moving some cards around it's just your
typical card game although it's not it's
more than that this one is amazing I
really could just done that hmm sweet
sweet sassy molassy ah can you tell that
you know HuskyStarcraft right now is
just sitting back going Jory how can I
compete with you you have such great
videos game commentary style it's true
you can't compete just give up right now
no one wants to see you play or
commentate videos when Jory Caron's in
town because he is boss I think I've
already lost hmm I mean I don't just
want to give up but it's looking pretty
depressing right now hmm do that maybe
maybe free some of that up want some of
that sweet sweet free up okay six goes
up there sweet mounting action right
there do that again just in case you
missed it oh yeah see she doesn't want
to be separated mmm dragged her all the
way over here she's still she knows her
man that's loyalty right there
can you help me at all I think I'm going
to lose this game hmm maybe I shouldn't
give up so quickly maybe that's the
moral of this story Jory is don't give
up so quickly because sometimes good
things have any good people that's about
it for this episode of is it a good idea
to microwave this I'm your host Jory
Caron don't you love it when the cards
just start flying no you don't you don't
know what that feeling is like because
you have never won a game of freecell
sorry that was a little harsh of me i'm
sure you've won a game of freecell
before you just can't rock it quite like
I rock it I once got a letter from
Microsoft that's me to please stop
Rocking so hard at freecell because i
was making some people cry okay we tried
to make a game that was hard menu then
you killed it you actually killed it Oh
check this out ready for this BAM mmm
now I just sit back reap the benefits
after just exploding all over the place
and the brilliant brilliant pieces what
are those white don't play again no I
don't want to play again congratulations
don't need your congratulations my
victory is in my head which really
anytime you win freecell the victory is
always in your head because you will
never get a medal for winning free so
mmm so and some end on some shoutouts
maybe let's go to the top here mmm doubt
he'll or die says testicles all right
Amelia I love Amelia hello jury hello
Amelia move on over back to the Facebook
freshen that actually in this all true
all true it's all true some hibiscus in
there more hobbies there's another hot
biscuit ha iska what's up Jory ha biscay
how biscay wait now hi biscay no that's
wrong too ha biscay and what is this can
anyone translate this and drop it into
maybe I should maybe I should what does
does that look like
let's just pretend it's Arabic you know
because everything is arabic now Arabic
is pretty sweet language Trent yeah that
should work google translate Oh Spanish
that doesn't help out so I'm a little
sick then where you can't catch my
sickness through I had food in my pants
oh right that's interesting hmm so
that's about it for this episode of Jory
Caron game time presents game time
winning hashtag winning winning
congratulations winning winning winning
winning winning what's the video about
oh you'll find out Danny ha biscay and I
will see you guys eventually bye